---
title: "Bridge Club Meeting"
date: 2025-12-07
Author: "Arthur Yang"
categories: ["Club Meet"]
cover:
    image: ""
summary: "The introduction of the Bidding Boxes to the Westview Bridge Club!"
weight: -42
ShowPostNavLinks: True
---
*Date: 12/8/2025*
### Hussein crashes out on his hand

Today we had an awesome day! Hussein and Jaydon were a pair of partners, and Kavin and Mohan were a pair of partners. The first hand didn't have much to show for it as Hussein bids 2 Hearts and barely makes it with 0 tricks to spare.

### Mohan sweats as he prepares to land the final card
Mohan had a very tight bid of 1NT with a whopping 18 points, 4 Aces, 1 Queen, and 2 Jacks. Unfortunately, his partner only had 5 total points with very little support. One lesson to take away from the playing phase is that for every NT bid, you want to wait to play your high cards and then play your highest cards to get the most value out of your small high cards. Mohan, although playing really well, unfortunately, went down 1 while playing 1NT.

### Kavin Comes in CLUTCH!
Our last hand was immaculate. Kavin (having played only a few times) had a total of 14 points with 5 diamond cards. A bid battle waged between both pairs. Mohan ended up really liking those Diamonds and bid 4 Diamonds in order to barely go to game. The 4 Diamonds bid was very helpful information for Kavin. With that, as the playing phase started, Mohan had 5 diamond cards and the entire diamond line! This meant Kavin and Mohan had a total of 10 Diamonds! With a clutch play, Kavin managed to make it just barely! 

Thank you to all who came to the Bridge Club Meeting after school. Our next and last meeting in 2025 is on December 15th, 2025! Hope you had a lot of fun today! I hope to see everyone at the next volunteering event!
